The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah.
But the Chelsea manning thing,
she was in solitary confinement when she was still a dude.
Does that count like a,
as her being like,
how does that tell you different study?
You say that you say Bradley or DC.
Chelsea when she hadn't changed yet.
I think we have to ask,
do you still say Bruce Jenner won the Olympics or do you say Katelyn?
Well,
Bruce won the Olympics.
No,
no,
no.
Kaitlin.
What does it say?
He's Caitlyn now.
You can't get it now.
You know.
If you dead name them,
you'll get kicked off of Twitter.
Dead.
Name Him.
Do you know that dead naming is no,
I've never heard of.
He didn't know.
So say if you'd become Joe Hannah reap.
Yeah.
If you decided at this stage of the game,
you know what?
Fuck cammies and transitions.
Yeah.
I'm,
I'm wearing some time for Prius.
Yeah.
I'm just trying to get my legs waxed.
We got Reeves county detention complex and pesos.
Texas has a combined capacity of 3,763 prisoners in it's three seven complexes.
Wow.
So that's probably about as big as it gets.
Yeah.
At this dog that hard.
And you still can't get anything over 5,000.
Yeah.
So it's in the 30s 3,300 5,500 what about the world?
So if you,
you've changed your name with Joel [inaudible] rape and uh,
I started saying,
Hey John Reape what's it like wearing dresses?
Pretend you're a girl that's deadnaming you.
I deadnaming you cause it called you John,
because I choose name is Johanne rat.
Right.
But Bruce Bruce is the one who won the Olympic.
Yeah,
but that's his dead name.
Well,
that's what he was going to be an asshole.
John.
God,
you're so insensitive.
Can't believe this this day and age.
I'm gonna make you subscribe to the list.
[inaudible]
Bolano podcast show.
Get your shit together.
Shit.
You need to get up in the times,
Bro.
So way behind.
I was just kidding about Melissa Moore.
I don't know what she's doing.
I don't either.
It was a good name though,
to throw around.
Oh yeah,
Alyssa Milano.
So because she has,
she's active on the Twitter sphere.
I believe so,
yeah.
She's very political.
Yeah.
She's always arguing with people.
I think that was one of them.
People,
you know,
they,
they booted Jon Woods,
you know,
Jon Woods,
the actor,
they booted him off the Twitter.
You can,
what's up naughty.
I don't think he did anything that big a deal.
Would it weigh,
first of all,
refresh my memory.
James Woods.
I'm sorry.
Jon Woods.
People probably be mad if they probably know this.
New York City's Rikers island has a population of 11,000 but I don't know if
that,
they're all prisoners are not.
What am I mean?
Like there's people that are vacationers.
Probably workers I live on.
People want cheap bread.
Might be half count as a do.
They really says it can accommodate up to 15,000 prisoners.
Verse 15,000 prisoners.
Okay.
How bout,
yeah,
now we're in the neighborhood is one of the Turkey that's got 10,900 wow.
Okay.
So that's about,
cause he gets,
that's a lot though.
If you go to a theater,
like if you did an arena like 15,000 peoples like Madison Square Garden,
that's all a lot of fucking criminals.
Yeah.
Got to Bhutan.
So the,
the Chelsea manning thing,
like now she's free,
but then she got locked up again for contempt to court.
But I think when she was locked up in solitary confinement,
they took away her clothes.
They wouldn't let her have closed because they thought she was suicidal.
Really?
I think that's just an excuse.
So when they,
okay,
so when the Kesha cold was a male?
Yes.
He's in a Bradley.
I'm trying to not dead.
They don't do it.
What?
So when Chelsea won the Olympics?
Yeah.
Um,
was that was,
was she on the Olympics?
I'm trying to do that.
Was he in a male prison?
That's a good question.
And then as a female,
does he go to a female prison?
That's a good question.
Okay.
I don't know.
Maybe that's why they put her in solitary.
Oh,
right,
right.
Protected from dudes.
I think then that's kind of a loophole that,
uh,
let's say if I know I'm going to prison and I got like a year before I get
sentenced,
I might just call it to get that sex judge.
Right.
So I'm with females.
Right?
I don't know.
Maybe I just get the sex change anymore.
You just have to identify.
Oh,
okay.
There you go.
I'm good.